README.md, before:

# 0x07 Exercises

Create a class `Triangle` with the following:

- Data members `a`, `b` and `c` each representing a side of the triangle (should the sides be of type `int`, `float` or something else?)
- Member functions
  - `Triangle()`
  - `Triangle(double a, double b, double c)`
  - `bool setSides(double a, double b, double c)`
  - `double perimeter()`
  - `double area()`
  - `void print()`
  - Getters and setters for each data member (six functions in total)

Be careful to use the exact naming as defined above or else you'll have to change the tests in `main.cpp` 

## Invariants
Add the Triangle Inequality Theorem as an invariant in the `Triangle` class.

Consider the following:
- which methods should have a "check" to make sure the invariant is satisfied?
- what can we do optimize our code (**hint**: a private helper method return a `bool` value, perhaps?)

## The Master Plan
Here is a master plan of how one could solve this exercise:
1. Add the required files (`triangle.h`, `triangle.cpp`) to the `src` directory
2. Implement the class definition in the header file (`triangle.h`)
3. Add the all the methods defined in the header file (`triangle.h`) in the source file (`triangle.cpp`), but keep it simple for now (e.g. all getter just return 0) (remember to prefix class methods with `Triangle::`)
4. Check that the code compiles (the tests run, some or all tests may fail, but that's okay)
5. Start modifying your code method for method until all tests pass (a smart approach would be to change exactly one thing at a time and run the tests in between each change)

## Tests
Test the function by running the program provided in `main.cpp` and make sure
- that the name of the methods match exactly what is defined in the tests
- read the tests and think about what there testing

An example run where all the methods are defined could look like this:
```
TEST getters
 PASS check getA()
 PASS check getB()
 PASS check getC()
TEST invariants
 PASS a <= 0
 PASS a >= 0
TEST circumference
 PASS check circumference()
TEST area
 FAIL check area()
```

We can see that all but one test passes in the example above. The tests are telling us there are some problems with the algorithm in the `area()` method.

This implementation for the `TestUtil` class can be found in `test_util.h` and `test_util.cpp` – take a look too see how it works "under the hood" and come up with your own tests.

## Triangle geometry
Here are some useful information about triangles you might want to consider when working on this exercise

The circumference of a triangle defined as perimeter $P$:

$$
P = a + b + c
$$

The area of a triangle can be calculated with Heron's formula, the the semi-perimeter is given by $s$ and the area is given by $A$:

$$
s = \frac{a + b + c}{2}, \quad A = \sqrt{s(s - a)(s - b)(s - c)}
$$


The Triangle Inequality Theorem is a fundamental rule in geometry. It states that for any triangle, the sum of the lengths of any two sides must always be greater than the length of the remaining side. This applies to all three sides of the triangle.

Implement the Inequality Theorem defined as:

$$
a + b > c, \quad b + c > a, \quad c + a > b
$$

Commit message:

Add hint to tasks.json

README.md, after:

# 0x07 Exercises

Create a class `Triangle` with the following:

- Data members `a`, `b` and `c` each representing a side of the triangle (should the sides be of type `int`, `float` or something else?)
- Member functions
  - `Triangle()`
  - `Triangle(double a, double b, double c)`
  - `bool setSides(double a, double b, double c)`
  - `double perimeter()`
  - `double area()`
  - `void print()`
  - Getters and setters for each data member (six functions in total)

Be careful to use the exact naming as defined above or else you'll have to change the tests in `main.cpp` 

## Invariants
Add the Triangle Inequality Theorem as an invariant in the `Triangle` class.

Consider the following:
- which methods should have a "check" to make sure the invariant is satisfied?
- what can we do optimize our code (**hint**: a private helper method return a `bool` value, perhaps?)

## The Master Plan
Here is a master plan of how one could solve this exercise:
1. Add the required files (`triangle.h`, `triangle.cpp`) to the `src` directory (hint: don't forget to add it to `.vscode/tasks.json`)
2. Implement the class definition in the header file (`triangle.h`)
3. Add the all the methods defined in the header file (`triangle.h`) in the source file (`triangle.cpp`), but keep it simple for now (e.g. all getter just return 0) (remember to prefix class methods with `Triangle::`)
4. Check that the code compiles (the tests run, some or all tests may fail, but that's okay)
5. Start modifying your code method for method until all tests pass (a smart approach would be to change exactly one thing at a time and run the tests in between each change)

## Tests
Test the function by running the program provided in `main.cpp` and make sure
- that the name of the methods match exactly what is defined in the tests
- read the tests and think about what there testing

An example run where all the methods are defined could look like this:
```
TEST getters
 PASS check getA()
 PASS check getB()
 PASS check getC()
TEST invariants
 PASS a <= 0
 PASS a >= 0
TEST circumference
 PASS check circumference()
TEST area
 FAIL check area()
```

We can see that all but one test passes in the example above. The tests are telling us there are some problems with the algorithm in the `area()` method.

This implementation for the `TestUtil` class can be found in `test_util.h` and `test_util.cpp` – take a look too see how it works "under the hood" and come up with your own tests.

## Triangle geometry
Here are some useful information about triangles you might want to consider when working on this exercise

The circumference of a triangle defined as perimeter $P$:

$$
P = a + b + c
$$

The area of a triangle can be calculated with Heron's formula, the the semi-perimeter is given by $s$ and the area is given by $A$:

$$
s = \frac{a + b + c}{2}, \quad A = \sqrt{s(s - a)(s - b)(s - c)}
$$


The Triangle Inequality Theorem is a fundamental rule in geometry. It states that for any triangle, the sum of the lengths of any two sides must always be greater than the length of the remaining side. This applies to all three sides of the triangle.

Implement the Inequality Theorem defined as:

$$
a + b > c, \quad b + c > a, \quad c + a > b
$$
